Thunder heard two new songs, but how is it
Is that okay ?
Of this time
The 22nd album is also Kuroko
Make a major debut by
If it's the first one, it was a song.
And
In eight countries
Dave City has become Takae
In beauty
It's now 8 years the town to do from with dg
Not it early time in real
When the really recent know everyone if also
Oh, it's a curve I
Born in the room
8 in Korea but 20
It will be 8 am
It will be 25 years old I Ah next year
I can not Arai
Since become 20s also mother from Neda
No
I think time is really fast
Yes 8 so today
I will ask something up and down as Leeds 8
If it was what was activity looking back at me these high year
To hand I heard
I'm not
until now
for 5 years
Events
Toka is
It is directly below have been carried out by working hard in the form and
Side dish
everyone's
Because it was warm to the point
I think I could
Yes
But system
Multi-valued
Ah ah ah ah
Yes
Double sash composition 45
It is once again
Visa of you
I wish I could support you with my companion
More
Ah ah ah
Dead letter 2 to decide
everyone
Nice flower Zoo
Favorite music
In the market
I will do pre
from now on
Thanking you in advance
Ne
Gourmet
As a leader, it 's kind of sad
Because the person who has the most sense of responsibility
So doing something civil engineering, etc.
It's a good time
Let's try something like Korea
Nobody knows that I'm doing my hard work, so I think Korea is not a dream of Bando
Best if there a variety that when
Please give me
Hidden 4 people
My sister's step forward is cool
car
Please excuse me
I so